---
title: Post Two
date: 2021-06-03
---

Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. (Stan Kelly-Bootle) The most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry. (Henry Petroski) It’s not a bug – it’s an undocumented feature. (Anonymous) Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. (Martin Golding) A hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a few months–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) would have a hard time getting together over a year. IBM used to report that certain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as other workers, or more. (Peter Seebach)

Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more ‘user-friendly’… Their best approach so far has been to take all the old brochures and stamp the words ‘user-friendly’ on the cover. (Bill Gates) There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup) I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. (Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948) C++ : Where friends have access to your private members. (Gavin Russell Baker)

They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction. (Janet Reno) Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more ‘user-friendly’… Their best approach so far has been to take all the old brochures and stamp the words ‘user-friendly’ on the cover. (Bill Gates) If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization. (Gerald Weinberg) The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. (J. Osterhout) Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. (Eric Raymond)

Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free. (Linus Torvalds) A hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a few months–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) would have a hard time getting together over a year. IBM used to report that certain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as other workers, or more. (Peter Seebach) It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets. (Alan Cooper) Just remember: you’re not a ‘dummy,’ no matter what those computer books claim. The real dummies are the people who–though technically expert–couldn’t design hardware and software that’s usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it. (Walter Mossberg) Programming is like sex: one mistake and you’re providing support for a lifetime. (Michael Sinz)

Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline. (Bill Clinton) That’s what’s cool about working with computers. They don’t argue, they remember everything, and they don’t drink all your beer. (Paul Leary) A hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a few months–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) would have a hard time getting together over a year. IBM used to report that certain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as other workers, or more. (Peter Seebach) There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup) The Web is like a dominatrix. Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit. (Nytwind)
